.TH CRASH-REPORTER-AUTOUPLOADER 1 "July 2010" crash-reporter "Crash Reporter for MeeGo"

.SH NAME
crash-reporter-autouploader \- a service for Crash Reporter to automatically upload rich-core dumps

.SH SYNOPSIS
crash-reporter-autouploader

.SH DESCRIPTION
The Crash Reporter Auto Uploader is a D-Bus service that is started by \fIcrash-reporter-daemon(1)\fR
when the automatic uploading is enabled in Crash Reporter settings and rich-core dumps are found on
the system. The Auto Uploader tries to upload rich-core dumps to coreweb, but it requires an open
or automatic internet access point to function. If an internet connection cannot be opened
automatically, Auto Uploader will not open any connectivity dialogs. It will however try to upload
all existing rich-core dumps when a new dump appears. Automatic uploading can be enabled from the
Crash Reporter settings applet.

For more information about the rich-core dumps themselves and Crash Reporter UI, 
please see \fIrich-core-dumper(1)\fR \fIcrash-reporter-ui(1)\fR manual pages.

.SH AUTHOR
Raimo Gratseff <ext-raimo.gratseff@nokia.com>

.SH BUGS

.SS "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to: https://projects.maemo.org/bugzilla/ 
or test-tools-dev@projects.maemo.org

.SH CONTACT
ville.p.ilvonen@nokia.com

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rich-core-dumper(1),
.BR crash-reporter-daemon(1),
.BR crash-reporter-ui(1),

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2010 Nokia Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies).
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License
version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation.